<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html">
<h:head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8"/>
    <title>Safety Guide</title>
    <h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="style.css"/>
</h:head>
<h:body>
    <h:outputScript library="js" name="script.js"/>

    <h1>Safety Guide</h1>

    <p>
        Your safety is our top priority. Before taking part in any mountain trip or activity,
        it is important to understand the risks involved and prepare accordingly.
        Each activity may have different requirements, so please review the guidance below carefully.
    </p>

    <h2>Before Your Trip</h2>
    <ul>
        <li>Check the details of your selected activity and its difficulty level.</li>
        <li>Wear appropriate clothing and footwear suitable for the activity.</li>
        <li>Bring enough water, food, and any personal medication.</li>
        <li>Check weather conditions before travelling.</li>
        <li>Ensure your phone is fully charged.</li>
    </ul>

    <h2>During Activities</h2>
    <ul>
        <li>Always follow the instructions given by your guide.</li>
        <li>Stay with your group and do not wander off alone.</li>
        <li>Use the correct equipment provided for your activity.</li>
        <li>Be aware of your surroundings, including terrain and weather changes.</li>
        <li>Respect wildlife and do not disturb animals or their natural habitats.</li>
        <li>Inform the guide immediately if you feel unwell or unsafe.</li>
    </ul>

    <h2>Activity-Specific Safety</h2>
    <ul>
        <li><b>Hiking:</b> Stay on marked trails and watch for uneven ground.</li>
        <li><b>Climbing:</b> Use safety equipment properly and follow all instructions.</li>
        <li><b>Skiing / Snow Activities:</b> Be aware of snow conditions and control your speed.</li>
        <li><b>Other Activities:</b> Follow all safety briefings before starting.</li>
    </ul>

    <h2>Emergency Advice</h2>
    <ul>
        <li>Stay calm and alert your guide immediately.</li>
        <li>Do not continue if you are injured or feel unsafe.</li>
        <li>Follow instructions carefully in case of severe weather or hazards.</li>
        <li>Keep emergency contact details accessible.</li>
    </ul>

    <h2>Our Commitment</h2>
    <p>
        We aim to provide safe, organised, and enjoyable mountain experiences.
        By following this safety guide, you help ensure a safe environment for yourself,
        others, and the natural environment.
    </p>

</h:body>
</html>